***Builtin
A standard Arduino has a LED builtin at PIN 13, we can toggle the PIN
to make it blink

***Single LED
Arduino has a 5V and GND pin for a closed circuit connection,
we connect that to a resistor and LED in series to make the LED light up.
A common resistor value used is 220 ohms.

We don't need any custom code here, the Arduino is just acting like a
constant voltage source here.

Don't need to do PWM here because we want constant light intensity,
if we want to change the brightness of the LED, use a different resistance
value. With no resistor, the LED can burn up as the current is too much.

***LED Button Series/Parallel

Arduino has a 5V and GND pin for a closed circuit connection,
we connect that to a resistor, LED, and a button  in series to make
the LED light up if the button is pressed. Both of the button contacts
must be connected to the path, otherwise it won't work (it treats one
contact as another wire that still closes the circuit so the LED is still
connected)

If we have a 4 legged button instead of a 2 legged one, make sure it is
rotated correctly because each of the 2 legs are connected to each other
but not to the other 2 connected legs, so the unconnected legs
are the one that form a switch, they become connected when
the button is pushed

If the buttons are connected in series, all of the button needs to
be pressed to complete the circuit, this is LEDB2

If the buttons are connected in parallel, then closing any one switch
will complete the circuit, this is LEDB3

Don't need to do PWM here because we want constant light intensity,
differing resistor will change the brightness here.

***LED RGB
The RGB LED is a 4 pin LED that has R, G, B, and GND pin.
The R, G, B pin connects to the PWM channels of the Arduino and the Arduino
can set the colors based on pulsing those channel. GND pin connects to GND.

The R, G, B pin needs to route through a resistor (usually standard 220 Ohm),
same as a regular LED.

We can add 3 photoresistor that changes it's resistance based on light, these resistor
needs a 10 KOhm connected in series, and they connect to the analog ports of the Arduino.

The Arduino can then use the analog ports to read the resistance value as we expose it
to different conditions, we can use this to detect color and write the color values we read from the
photoresistor out into the RGB LED so we can make a color detector.
We can add a color gel filter (red, green, blue) on each of the 3 photoresistor to
have each one filter out a color band.

