***Servo Potentiometer

A rotary potentiometer is hooked up to an analog input of the Arduino
for us to read values from 0-1023. We linear remap the potentiometer to
0-179 so we can feed that value into the servo.

The servo is hooked into a PWM channel and it moves around by pulses
generated by the PWM.

We place a 100uF capacitor in series with the servo and the potentiometer
(used as decoupling capacitors) in order to reduce/decouple changes caused
by the components to the rest of the circuit. It also acts as a smoothing
filter, filtering out the ripples caused by transients.
This is due to the fact that the devices causes a dip in voltage because
it draws more current on transient responses.

***Motor Button
A motor controller takes a digital write, a high write will cause it to spin while a low
write stops it. They usually require alot more current than a Arduino can provide,
some require a higher voltage as well. The Arduino can provide 40 mA from its digital pin,
which is less than what most motors require. A way around this is to use a transistor, which
allows you to control high current/voltage sources from low current output of the Arduino.

Motor charges uses induction, which is a process which a changing electrical current in a
wire can generate a changing magnetic field around the wire. When a motor is given
electricity, a tightly wound coil inside the housing of copper creates a magnetic field.
The field causes the shaft (part of motor that sticks out of the housing) to spin around.

The motion of the motor can actually generate electricity, if you attach an LED to the
two leads of the motor, spinning the motor can cause the LED to light up. Due to this
"back voltage", we need to place a diode in parallel with the motor so the back voltage
passes through the diode, protecting the rest of the circuit from the unwanted voltage.

***H-Bridge Motor
We can use an H-Bridge chip to replace the transistor and diode, it also handles polarity for us so we can spin
the motor in the opposite direction. Wire up 2 buttons to control enabling the motor and the motor direction. Wire a potentiometer
to control the speed of the motor. The motor then wires to the H-Bridge to for power and motion control. A 9V battery is needed
for the motor (If the 9V battery depletes to say 5V, the motor will cease to work, it really needs a high voltage to function)

